Resources/Project Idagi.md, before:

Project Idagi






















Groepsleden: Ruerd de Jong, Tjerk Nagel, Annemarleen Bosma, Lukas de Ruiter
Teamnaam:  Garden Gnomes
Docent: J. Haverkort
Inhoud
    1. Glossary
    2. Product backlog
    3. Definition of Done
    4. User stories
    5. Minimal Viable Product
    6. The meaning of 1 Story Point


























    1. GLOSSARY

Admin beheerder- beheerder van het gehele systeem.

Garden manager- beheerder van een moestuin.

Gardener – vrijwilligers die uiteindelijk in een moestuin gaan werken.

Patch – moestuinperk waar één soort gewas in groeit, dat wordt gebruikt voor de onderverdeling van de moestuin.





















    2. Product backlog
EPIC: Schematisch overzicht van takentijden van een gemeenschappelijke moestuin.
1: Overzicht van patches.
2: Overzicht van actuele gewassen.
3: Overzicht van gedane taken.
4: Overzicht van actuele taken.

Een beheer-admin scherm met CRUD-functionaliteit  voor gebruikers.
Een moestuin beheerder-scherm met een status overzicht van de moestuin en planning mogelijkheden voor de moestuin.
Database met info van gewassen dat leesbaar is voor users/met CRUD mogelijkheden voor de moestuin beheerder. 
Weerindicatie met gebruik van openweather.org API voor gebruikers/moestuin beheerder. 
Applogo ontwikkelen.
Teamlogo ontwikkelen.
Beloningssysteem voor gebruikers.
Visuele representatie voor de gebruikers van de status van de moestuin. 
Rekening houden met applicatie voor telefoon. 
Gereedschapsoverzicht per moestuin
Gamified moestuinen met beanpoints











    3. Definition of Done
    • Write clean code
    • No code smells
    • No bad comments
    • A peer review
    • Het moet werken zoals het bedoelt is <- 
    • Responsive Design (iets met telefoons)

Glossary updaten























    4. User stories

As a gardener,
I want to be able to login,
So I can see all tasks.

As a gardener,
I want to see a dynamic schedule,
So I can see what tasks I can do and enroll for the task.

As a gardener,
I want to be able to complete a task I am enrolled for,
So I can earn beans and continue to the main page.

As a gardener,
I want to keep track of tasks done by me,
So I can know what I “earn”.

As a gardener,
I want to be able to see my profile,
So I can adjust my personal information and customize my profile.

As a gardener, 
I want to be able to review someone’s work,
So I can ensure good use of the garden.

As a gardener,
I want to be able to give feedback on what to plant next,
So I can contribute to the crop rotation.

As a gardener,
I want a plant information overview(wiki), 
So I can learn about plants and know what to do and when. 

As a gardener,
 I want a plant wiki of plants/tasks/time of year/tools/stages/lengths,
So I can learn about plants and know what to do and when

As a gardener/garden manager,
I want a weather view,
So I can know what it means for my gardening



As a Admin Beheerder,
I want UserCRUD,
So I can add/update/delete users.


As a garden manager, 
I want a sowing overview,
So I can plant new plant beds. 

As a garden manager,
I want to manage return per gardener,
So I can give people what they earned. 

As a garden manager,
I want to assign plants,
So I can select what grows where.

As a garden manager,
I want to see an overview of the garden,
So I can keep track of the plant progress.

As a garden manager, 
I want to be able to add custom tasks,
So I can fill in gaps between regular tasks. 


As a garden manager,
I want a sowing overview,
So I can plant new plantbeds/crops

As a garden manager,
I want to manage the plant wiki,
So I can give gardeners information















    5. Minimal Viable Product

Overzicht van alleen Todo-taken in de moestuin.
Bereikbaar voor vrijwilligers als je hem host.










































6. The meaning of 1 Storypoint

Het maken van een knop en het implementeren van diens functie hebben wij gezet op 1 Storypoint. Bijvoorbeeld: een knop aanmaken (stap 1), informatie wordt uit de database gehaald of in de database gezet (stap2), er wordt informatie/reactie getoond aan gebruiker (stap3).

Commit message:

Added more user stories during user journey brainstorm session

Resources/Project Idagi.md, after:

Project Idagi






















Groepsleden: Ruerd de Jong, Tjerk Nagel, Annemarleen Bosma, Lukas de Ruiter
Teamnaam:  Garden Gnomes
Docent: J. Haverkort
Inhoud
    1. Glossary
    2. Product backlog
    3. Definition of Done
    4. User stories
    5. Minimal Viable Product
    6. The meaning of 1 Story Point


























    1. GLOSSARY

Admin beheerder- beheerder van het gehele systeem.

Garden manager- beheerder van een moestuin.

Gardener – vrijwilligers die uiteindelijk in een moestuin gaan werken.

Patch – moestuinperk waar één soort gewas in groeit, dat wordt gebruikt voor de onderverdeling van de moestuin.





















    2. Product backlog
EPIC: Schematisch overzicht van takentijden van een gemeenschappelijke moestuin.
1: Overzicht van patches.
2: Overzicht van actuele gewassen.
3: Overzicht van gedane taken.
4: Overzicht van actuele taken.

Een beheer-admin scherm met CRUD-functionaliteit  voor gebruikers.
Een moestuin beheerder-scherm met een status overzicht van de moestuin en planning mogelijkheden voor de moestuin.
Database met info van gewassen dat leesbaar is voor users/met CRUD mogelijkheden voor de moestuin beheerder. 
Weerindicatie met gebruik van openweather.org API voor gebruikers/moestuin beheerder. 
Applogo ontwikkelen.
Teamlogo ontwikkelen.
Beloningssysteem voor gebruikers.
Visuele representatie voor de gebruikers van de status van de moestuin. 
Rekening houden met applicatie voor telefoon. 
Gereedschapsoverzicht per moestuin
Gamified moestuinen met beanpoints











    3. Definition of Done
    • Write clean code
    • No code smells
    • No bad comments
    • A peer review
    • Het moet werken zoals het bedoelt is <- 
    • Responsive Design (iets met telefoons)

Glossary updaten























    4. User stories

As a gardener,
I want to be able to login,
So I can see all tasks.

As a gardener,
I want to see a dynamic schedule,
So I can see what tasks I can do and enroll for the task.

As a gardener,
I want to be able to complete a task I am enrolled for,
So I can earn beans and continue to the main page.

As a gardener,
I want to keep track of tasks done by me,
So I can know what I “earn”.

As a gardener,
I want to be able to see my profile,
So I can adjust my personal information and customize my profile.

As a gardener, 
I want to be able to review someone’s work,
So I can ensure good use of the garden.

As a gardener,
I want to be able to give feedback on what to plant next,
So I can contribute to the crop rotation.

As a gardener,
I want a plant wiki of plants/tasks/time of year/tools/stages/lengths,
So I can learn about plants and know what to do and when

As a gardener/garden manager,
I want a weather view,
So I can know what it means for my gardening

As a gardener/garden manager/admin,
I want to be able to message other users,
So I can easily communicate with them


As a garden manager,
I want to be able to login,
So I can do all things I want to do.

As a garden manager, 
I want a sowing overview,
So I can plant new plant beds/crops.

As a garden manager,
I want to assign plants,
So I can select what grows where.

As a garden manager,
I want to see an overview of the garden,
So I can keep track of the plant progress.

As a garden manager,
I want to manage return per gardener,
So I can give people what they earned. 

As a garden manager, 
I want to be able to add custom tasks,
So I can fill in gaps between regular tasks.

As a garden manager,
I want to manage the plant wiki,
So I can give gardeners information.

As a garden manager,
I want poll CRUD,
So I can control polls.

As a garden manager,
I want patch per garden CRUD,
So I can control patches in a garden


As a Admin Beheerder,
I want CRUD of users and their roles,
So I can add/update/delete users and control their roles.

As an admin,
I want garden CRUD,
So I can control gardens











    5. Minimal Viable Product

Overzicht van alleen Todo-taken in de moestuin.
Bereikbaar voor vrijwilligers als je hem host.










































6. The meaning of 1 Storypoint

Het maken van een knop en het implementeren van diens functie hebben wij gezet op 1 Storypoint. Bijvoorbeeld: een knop aanmaken (stap 1), informatie wordt uit de database gehaald of in de database gezet (stap2), er wordt informatie/reactie getoond aan gebruiker (stap3).
